c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\SportsPro.staticwebassets.runtime.json
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\SportsPro.staticwebassets.endpoints.json
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\SportsPro.exe
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\SportsPro.deps.json
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\SportsPro.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\SportsPro.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\SportsPro.pdb
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\Humanizer.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Identity.Client.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Security.Permissions.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Windows.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\unix\lib\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-arm\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp3.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\unix\lib\netcoreapp3.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp3.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\netstandard2.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\netstandard2.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp3.0\System.Windows.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\net6.0\SportsPro.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\net6.0\SportsPro.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\net6.0\SportsPro.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\net6.0\SportsPro.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\net6.0\SportsPro.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\net6.0\SportsPro.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\net6.0\SportsPro.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\net6.0\SportsPro.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\net6.0\scopedcss\bundle\SportsPro.styles.css
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.build.endpoints.json
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.SportsPro.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.SportsPro.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssetEndpoints.props
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.SportsPro.props
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.SportsPro.props
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.SportsPro.props
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\net6.0\SportsPro.csproj.Up2Date
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\net6.0\SportsPro.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\SportsPro.dll
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\net6.0\SportsPro.pdb
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\net6.0\SportsPro.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\vernon.james\Documents\OneDrive\OneDrive - St. Petersburg College\_content\COP2839\mvc2_instructors\aspnet_core_mvc\instructors\case_study\case_study_start\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\SportsPro.dll
